"The ultimate tyranny in a society is not control by martial law. It is control by the psychological manipulation of consciousness, through which reality is defined so that those who exist within it do not even realize that they are in prison. They do not even realize that there is something outside of where they exist." — Barbara Marciniak

“Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.” – Schopenhauer

“There is an explanation,” Don Juan replied, “which is the simplest explanation in the world. they took over because we are food for them, and they squeeze us mercilessly because we are their sustenance. just as we rear chickens in chicken coops, gallineros, the predators rear us in human coops, humaneros. therefore, their food is always available to them.” - Carlos Castaneda

"The Earth is a farm. We are someone else's property." - Charles Fort

"We are asleep people, unconscious people, and this is what is serious. Unfortunately, we think the best of ourselves and not even suspect that we are asleep." — Samael Aun Weor

"There are none so enslaved as those who falsely believe they are free." - Goethe

"One cannot think themselves out of a prison made of thought." - Krishna Das

"On a planet that increasingly resembles one huge Maximum Security prison, the only intelligent choice is to plan a jail break." — Robert Anton Wilson, Down to Earth (Cosmic Trigger #2)

"If you do not fast as regards the world, you will not find the kingdom." — Gospel of Thomas

"All visible objects ... are but as pasteboard masks." — Herman Melville

“And do not be conformed to this world..." — Romans 12:2

"Friendship of the world is enmity with God..." — James 4:4

"We are most artistically caged." — Vladimir Nabokov

"As soon as you know you are in prison, you have a possibility to escape." — William S. Burroughs

"I cannot stop asking. If I could taste one sip of an answer, I could break out of this prison for drunks." — Rumi

"You are in prison. If you wish to get out of prison, the first thing you must do is realize that you are in prison. If you think you are free, you can't escape." — G.I. Gurdjieff

"The world is a prison-house for a believer and Paradise for a non-believer." — Hadith, Muhammad, ﷺ

“If you have developed enough spiritual sensitivity to understand that there is no abiding peace or happiness to be found in ordinary human existence, you are qualified to study the deeper mysteries of spiritual life.” — Muata Ashby

"Set your mind on the things above, not on the things that are on earth." — Colossians 3:2



Well if there had no doubl standard, they had no standards at all.

